
/7 my puger
/ Ki 8 Konggi 000000 8 Check Kul Nan
′ *.)°Pon'【 ′^Pep、`Cape`、;Fume。"Writing_two:
１ / roll をを ‥
3 song
7279 or romso. shell
No 08 ３ #
oh shit
👌👌👌 /
/ Gazz/
000.2 Hall
Rise
|
028

It was pure fire that Mr. Woo opened his eyes .
It was because of the feeling of a long way.

It's like scratching with a small spoon
It was annoying. Well then
He did not ignore his senses.
The first thing he saw when he opened his eyes
One thing was the ventilation vents on the ceiling.
Although invisible to the naked eye, ventilation
Seeing that there is something in redemption
I was able to get lost .
Fang!

It was then .

The sudden shortness of breath .
His throat was choked, and his body was
It went up and down . ventilation at the same time
Broken and black objects fell
all .

It was a table month.

In his hand, he is squeezing Woo-sang's neck.
The silver thread was wound up .

As the moon has come down, the woo-gun award is up
I went up.

“Woo-sa hyung!”

The moment Van Ra's woman screams in surprise
Pyo-wol kicked her in the stomach. radish
The woman who was in a defenseless state was
I can't even scream in shock
and fell .

Sponge!

At that moment, Woo-kun, who was walking away from the server in the air
I cut off the silver thread above my head with a blade
all .

His hand that injected my ball is itself
It was like a sword with a roman name ‥ taut
Without the power to live, they are cut off and go away
He found freedom.

Goon Woo took off the silver thread that was squeezing his neck
I threw and shouted .
“What kind of guy are you?”

Instead of answering, Pyo Wol is lying on the floor
Pick up the sword that was there and run to the sergeant Woo.
It was.

wash !

His sword is the same as before the island.
Aimed at .

Woo-gun Sang-eun wields the sword of Pyo-wol with the blade of his hand
paid ．

Turn it off huh !

The sharply forged sword bounced off
all .

Even though I collided with a sword blade with my bare hands
There is not a single scratch on the hand of the military officer.
It was.

Jeol Young-soo certified by Cheong Seong-pa's visionary water （$ &
Note ) was .

Woo-gun Sang-eun enters the stage of ascension,
At the level where you can open your sword without lifting a sword
It was here.

He snorted .

“How dare an assassin hide all the way here?
My liver is swollen."

Gun Sang Woo runs towards Pyo Wol and holds his hand
swung . Then the clouds
The flag arose and hit the table.

8 ね!”

With a tired groan, Pyo-wol's body
I was pushed back. then his mouth
There were bloodstains showing through. only
It took my prize in one blow .
Goon Woo moved forward with joy .
At that moment, the table was lying on the floor
One dagger was kicked.

The dagger is precisely the hair of the woo-kun
It flew away .

“Hong! Good luck with this kind of thing…”
Woo-kun Sang is a white person with an air custody
Spread the season of , grab a dagger and burn it .
The length of the normally used sword
It was a short sword that could not be held, but still
Let's raise our weapons in Sun-eun, Sang-eun Woo's heart
felt relieved .

He's good at shooting with bare hands, but nonetheless
The thing I was most confident about was the sword.
all .

As the length of the sword is different, he spreads the sword ball
could not affect . that much
Sang-eun Woo had a deep knowledge of swords.
Shh Suk!

He is one of the swordsmen of the Qing Seongpa.
He spread his sword (dance ㄳ jul hee) for luck.
The entire underground smoke field is from his sword.
As if lit by the red glow coming out
did .

Pyo-wol felt an extreme sense of crisis.
He is the weightlifter in the sword of Woo-kun
It was so great that I couldn't even bear it.
all

Phi Pip!

In an instant , Pyo Wol was wounded in three places .
I wore it.

Each wound was not light.
8 ね!”

Pyo Wol screams and shakes his body
It was . But the dragon does not fall down
discarded.

Goon Woo-sang is heading towards such a pyo-wol again.
He blew a kite.

Pyo-wol is a short-lived difference, so all the balls
Avoided .

“This is my law.”

A cruel debt came to mind in Woo-sang's eyes
all .

He is like, and the sheep have mice.
They put pressure on the table in a playful way. his biggest ball be
On the sword, the whole body of the table is gradually drained of blood.
He heard.

Even if it wasn't, the lung tube training I didn't want
So it was a free car.

A disciple who has always admired himself
I dragged her into my arms, but I got bored
was the same as .

Woo-Gun Sang has been showing off his side since childhood.
paid ．

No matter what kind of martial arts he will make
He made it easy to learn .

Everyone applauded for his outstanding achievement .
sent , and the seniors and deceased of the Cheongseongpa
He taught me the seasons with

It was probably from that time .

It's like learning martial arts anymore
It 's not fun .

Others have to be wrong for more than a year
He learned martial arts in a month . yes
As I learned it easily, I was excited about nothing.
Rather, it fell. yes then then
From then on , I started to be interested in women .
There were many women who admired him .

He, too, was an old-fashioned, high-spirited man.
He doesn't mind the woman who comes to Ki.
It was. If it were just that, it would be so big
It wouldn't have been a problem.

The problem is that he forced a woman
I woke up drunk. At that time, Woo-gun Sang-eun
Drunk and disenchanted
It was Tae.

Then he met a woman, and
In beauty, the friend becomes a beast
She was forced to drink.

Her woman committed suicide in shame, and her
The inside of her house was devastated.
Jinpyeong Woo managed to manage the situation ,
One year of lung vascular training for Mr. Woo
I called .

He admitted his mistake, but yes
After a year of high school, I have to be sober
It is something that is acceptable to Woo-kun.
was a cruel treatment .

That's why his chest is full of dissatisfaction
He was piled up. He deceived his son into his arms
I didn't, but the heat in my chest disappeared.
He didn't. Then he woke up
The attack of the guest ignited his anger.
all .

"Did that bitch's father sent you?"
A woman who raped Pyo Wol by herself
I misunderstood that it was sent by my father .
A woman 's father is known from afar
It was Kwon Se-ga . A few assassins are enough
I had the property to hire.

Pyo-wol did not answer.

His demeanor is such an upset
It made it even more explosive.

Goon Woo-sang seems to be arguing with Pyo-wol
Unleash the swordsmanship of the Uncheong Seongpa that you have learned so far
hit .

wash ! See it!

The entire underground smoke field is filled with his sword spirit.
full .
How much is Pyo Wol-eun's brother-in-law?
I realized that there was only one person .

On the sword of the army, the sword skills are amazing
He stretched out. That bad dagger is here
If only he was holding a long sword
In other words , the neck was separated from the body .
will be .

I broke the table on this day, threw a dagger and grabbed it
It was also the door at that time .

Pyo-wol dared to block the sword head-on
I can't think of it, and I'm going to ride away （ Mistake 0811 ※ ）
Attack on Shin Hyu-kun with the technique of
avoided .

“Heat, lose!”
Woo-gun can live by following the table
unfolded .

At that moment, Pyo-wol was rolling on the floor
I kicked a sword with my foot .

Kang!

But the black woo-kun top he kicked
It hit the dagger and bounced off .

Pyo Wol lifted the protruding sword from the air
I grabbed it and swung it around .

" It 's funny me ! Dare to attack with my sword
sun ?"

Angry to the end
I changed the ball .

Instead of the blue cloud, the sword was fluttered in the blue sky.
Seventy-two wave sword, one of the secret swords of the
It was ( ㅠ +- tt huh ) .

It's like the waves are hitting me seventy-two times
Han Yeon-hwan's swordsmanship is a certain expert of Kang-ho
It's too hard to take it easily
I had power .

The Seventy-Twelve Black Blue Seongpa's Best Sword Gong
It was not . stronger than that
Even if I have a few more sword balls
It is the most familiar to open the deep sword.
It was because of this .

From a young age, he was immersed in a sword of seventy-two.
I was drunk. He is so perfect even with his eyes closed
Have you reached a point where you can spread out?
It has been a long time .

See Sit!

A sharp sword strikes like waves one after another
came to me .

Even if it's just a minute
It looked like it was going to be in danger .

Pyo Wol was beaten down by himself
I fled behind the woman .

" Move "

Goon Woo-sang made love a while ago
He kicked the woman 's body . to him
The woman who got beaten bounced off the wall
stuck .

Because of that, Woo’s nerves for a moment
Distributed.

It was then .

The thing with a little red light in the eyes of the moon .
He's like someone who gave up on everything
like to swing a sword in the wrong direction
said ．

There was a small smile on the corner of Woo-kun-sang's mouth.
"Young Traces ".09．"

Cah !

Then the unbelievable thing happened.
Woo-gun, who was raging wildly like a wave
's sword was blocked by Pyo-wol 's sword .
what

Kun-sang Woo said it was a coincidence and said Chuckoo.
Seventy and seventy-two swords were spread out.

Kang!

But again , his black mark
I was blocked by the sword .

Knowing in advance the sword of Chiu-kun
Presumably , Pyo Wol cut his pulse .
hung up .

In fact .

The seventy-two black votes spread by the allies
It was the martial arts that Wol knew.

The unknown sword ball that I learned in the underground cavity
This was the seventy-two sword.
All three children wield seventy-two swords.
I got used to it. two of them are children
died in the attack of the , only Pyo Wol
He survived.

Pyo Wol used a sword of seventy-two to die for.
I got used to it. That's why he's more than seventy-two
He was well aware of the futility of the sword.
Although achievement lags behind
It may be lost , but as much as destroying it
surpassed .

The seventy-twelf black is simply
It was nothing more than a sword that was ripe in the hand , but it was
To the seventy-two black men or men
There was only one hope that could be expected
all .

wash !
Pyo Wol stabbed his sword .

It was an ordinary stab that relied on the senses.
However, its speed and direction are
Exceeded expectations.

Heart rate (4>18).

The speed of the mind moved the body.
It was a blow that staked everything in the table.
In this one chance, Pyo-wol is his
I decided to drive .

Whoops!

The sword pierced my chest .

Pyo Wol 's sword pierces through Lee Woo - sang 's chest
I lost this

+ lol
Mr. Woo vomited blood.

The blood he shed is full of blood
Wet your face .

"Yeah, how do you get a seventy-two sword?"
I did not know Pyo Wol , but he was meaningless
The swords spread out during the ceremony were of the seventy-two swords.
It was a vegetarian meal .

He spread the sword of the seventy-two
This is what destroyed this wave sword .

No one else knows, but Woo-kun is that
I know the thread .

Pyo-wol did not answer.

He couldn't.

If you open your mouth, your energy will scatter and you will fall
Because it seemed to be the door .

In this short moment of confrontation, Pyo Wol-eun
I poured out all of God .

The key is to give Woo-kun a seventy-two sword
It was to spread out . Im Sa-yeol is nothing
The swordsman of the people, that is, the seventy-two swords is the target.
I used to say that it was a woman 's name .
I only have to spread the seventy-two swords to my friend.
I thought that there is a chance of winning if you do. that
So desperately taking time, seventeen
This is what made this wave sword unfold .
It is also this time that the heart was used in practice.
This was the first time.

It was a gamble to risk my life .
His gamble was successful , but at the cost of
I was seriously injured . One time even suck
Li had to get out of this place.

Pyo-wol looked at the woman for a moment.
Eun-Sin, a woman who was beaten by Mr. Woo
She was losing.

The table wall is left as it is, through the ventilation
He came out of the smoke field.

From now on , it was a battle against time .
Before they noticed
I had to go as far away as possible.
Cheongil-eun was one of the great disciples of the Cheongseong faction
He was the head of the drug seon party by name.
all .

Although the ambassador, Cheong-yeop, or Lee, the death penalty
Myeong and Hook are as strong as Woo-kun Sang
However , he has a deep knowledge of alcohol , and many
He was respected by his disciples.

Cheong Il-eun with a frown on the forehead
He looked at Jain Jingwang.

" What do you mean by that ? Do Jin Yi Kyung
Are you there? Do Jin-eun walks around the Dokwan
Weren't you collecting herbs?"
“That’s how I know it…”
Jin Kwang made a confused expression on his face.
Gather the herbs from each conduit to Dojin.
He was the one who told me to come .
He heard a mournful noise that day.
Before long, he took his orders and went out.
For what reason is Dun Do-Jin, that Cheong Seongpa
That 's all I heard .

Proof of the disciples that they actually saw Jin
There was also .

Jin Kwang-eun searched for Do-jin and searched the Cheongseong faction.
all . But in the slightest, Do Jin-eun
Could not find .

" That 's very strange . Do Jin dares my
Don't even disobey orders.
Are you running around as you please?”
" I've been looking for that too , but uh
I can't even see it."

“Is there something the other disciples did not see well?
No more?”

“Several people said they saw it.”
"Where was the last time you saw Dojin?
More?”

“It’s near Myungwoljeon.”

“Let’s go see it.”

" Yes "

The two of them left the temple about Myungwol
I went nearby.

The Qing and the Japanese attached the Mujin to protect the Myungwoljeon.
I grabbed it and asked .
"Have you ever seen Jin?"

“Did you see them roaming nearby?
scoop

080 pack

" Yes ! How are you?”

Cheongil frowned instead of answering.
I didn't have a good feeling for something.

You have to go through the conduit and collect the herbs.
The fact that Do Jin returned without a word
It's strange, but if this is the case, around Myeong-wol
You are standing still. something unknown
This was happening.

Suddenly, Cheongil's gaze turned to Myungwoljeon.
all .
"Is the mycosis mycosis inside?"

" Yes ! I am doing lung duct exercises.”

"I'm going to tell him I'm going to sleep.
I'll give it to you."

Sun gong air air go

The face of this great disciple hesitates
It broke with this .

“Did you ever bring in a hot woman?”
" sorry ."

This great disciple hastily bowed his head .
In a job that no one else asks for a disciple
I couldn't dare to tell a lie.
" I will go into Han . "

Cheongil shoved Lee the great disciple and Myeongwol
I went inside . This great disciple dares
I couldn't dare to stop him.

“Ugh! What do we do ?"

He predicts that the lightning will fall soon .
Disgusted and hastily followed Cheongil's footsteps.
Chung Il-eun, who looked around Myeong-wol Jeon for a while
The mouth that enters my underground smoke room
He found the sphere.

purr

One of the main barriers to operating an institution
It opened with a sound.

Chong Il , Jin Kwang , and Lee the great disciple opened the entrance .
It went down to the underground smoke field. that
What greeted them was a poem by Woo-gun
It was God .

“What? Homemade!”

Cheong-il is surprised and runs to Sang-woo
I opened it. But Woo-sang is already out of breath
It was disconnected.

“Who dares to buy a priest!”

Sino-Japanese roar resounds in the underground smokehouse
spread .

Jin Kwang, who grasped the situation, with an auditory sense
I ran and shouted.

" It 's an assassin . Assassin kills military sergeant
It was.”
Article 000 000. 300
rate ‥
5 3
 ． he
The 33-year-old Silmer is heart-to-heart 0 hours each
‥ to 000 Bur 488. 0049.